Section 1A : Approving Authority for non-financial proposal
Sl Nos :
1a. New zone expansion approval
1b. New Center expansion approval
2. EBM & Zonal Team selection
3. Opening and Closing of Bank account

Section 1B : Controlling Authority for non-financial proposal
Sl Nos :
1. CSR Proposal
2. 80 G Donation Receipt
3. Digital Signature
4. External Training
5. Press release and external representation

Section 2A : Purchases of materials/items/services by direct payments to vendors
Sl Nos :
1. In-principle/Administrative approval for cost estimate & specification vetting
2. Award approvals of POs and approval for mode of tendering
3. Approval for deviation in PO value and amendment in PO
4. Approval for cancellation/closure of PO
5. Approval for extension in time duration of PO
6. Approval for advance/payments to vendors as provided in PO

Section 2B : Proposal for Advances, claims to individuals for procurement of material and services
Sl Nos :
1. Approval for advance/imprest and claims against expenditures to individuals
2. Approval for sanction of advance to paid staff
3. Approval for waiving off advance or relaxation in repayment duration
4. Approval for advance/reimbursement for travel expenditure
5. Honorarium

Section 2C : Approval of funds for other than routine operations and functions
Sl Nos :
1. Approval of funds (contingency/disaster/emergency)
2. Award of scholarships and sponsorships
3. Expenditure for disaster relief and emergency/contingency funds

Section 3 : Powers delegated w.r.t. write off, sale of items and others
Sl Nos :
1. Approval for write-off of items (theft/loss/obsolete/unserviceable items)
2. Approval for sale of scrap/old items
3. Approval for sale of new items

Section 4 : Power to quote rates on behalf of UPAY
Sl Nos :
1. Approval of rates for supply/services and acceptance of purchase orders

Section 5 : Appointments
Sl Nos :
1. Appointment of staff/trainee with stipend/remuneration

Section 6 : General Instructions